Team name: Nightreign

Project Name: Battle Simulator

Project Description: Users create a team of three from a wide variety of characters, then use that team to fight simulated battles with an opponent.
                     Battles are fought 1v1 until a team has no characters left. Results of each battle are generated by AI with a winner and a reason.

Roles:
 Duc Le - DevOps
 Logan Peters - Backend
 Di Ba Tran - Backend
 Jarrell Norwood - Frontend
 Vincent Alcott - Frontend & Scrum Master


User Stories:

 - As a user, I can enter or create a waiting room for a battle. Once two users are in the room, a match begins.

 - When a match begins between two players, players build their teams and then battle.

 - In a match, a character from each team "fight" with the results decided by OpenAI.
    The next round begins when the player who lost the round picks a new character.
    The winner of the match is whoever has characters still alive at the end.
   + AI: Boolean value result with additional message on how.

 - As an Admin, I can add, remove, or edit characters.

 - As an Admin, I can ban users.

ERD:

External API:
- OpenAI (4o-mini)


Streach Goals:

 - Add items that can be equipped by characters during team selection. Items will affect the outcome of battles.

 - Add an exhaustion level for characters that fight in more than one round in a row, making them less powerful the more they fight.

 - Add "competitive" rooms where team building involves a ban phase and turn-based character selection.
